Turn my website that I made earlier in the course into a messageboard/forum so I can post updates on projects and employment. And that way my friends can always pop onto my website and see what I've been working on :3

I love video games and interactive media. I may not ever make it into game development professionally, but at the very least, I'll be a lifelong hobbyist. I dream of some day having a nice community of talented developers that can work on projects that we are inspired by together. It would be completely community driven operation with full transparency in development. We would make many high quality, yet consice gameplay experiences that ideally would be very cheap. $5-$25 games all in the ballpark of 2-15 hours of gameplay all with unique styles and vibes. Each project voted on by the community, influenced by community input and interest. I don't even want a lot of reach. Like, I'd be fine with a team of five good friends of mine that make maybe 3 little games a year, for only a thousand people to play. As long as my bills are played, I dont care if it's only 100 fans that really care about the project. 
...Anyhow, I think a messageboard would be a good start for this. Inspired by websites like LostVectors.com or Newgrounds from the early 2000s, it would be a place for anybody to post anything from game ideas, comment on others' posts, interact with the developers, etc. 
So this idea is very exciting to me. Feels like a start to that.

--As extremely fun an useful as my ther ideas are, I can't help but feel like this one is the most accomplishable for me at this moment, and also is a very exciting idea to me.
